auto-update-clarify (#746)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/docker.md

## Updating Docker Images
Starting with Demisto 5.0, it is possible to update the docker image of a script/integration. Demisto 4.5 and below doesn't support updating the docker image without creating a new script/integration (v2). To update the docker image for Demisto 5.0 only and still generate a 4.5 version with the original 4.5 docker image, it is possible to add an additional configuration to the script/integration yaml file with the key: `dockerimage45`. This key should contain the docker image to use by Demisto 4.5 and below. When the key is present, the content creator script will generate two unified yaml files: one for Demisto 4.5 and below and one for 5.0 and above. For an example see: [Kafka V2 Integration](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Packs/Kafka/Integrations/Kafka_V2/Kafka_V2.yml).

## Updating Docker Image Automatically via Pull Request
Every integration/script that utilizes one of the following docker images: 

- `demisto/python`
- `demisto/python3` 

Is updated automatically from time to time whenever a newer tag is available.

> This happens by an automatic reoccuring job that updates the docker image of the content item by a Pull Request in the content git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens via an automatic reoccurring job that updates the docker image of the content item by a Pull Request in the content git repository.
```

> Then, the pack is distributed in the marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the pack is distributed in the marketplace.
```
